♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 24=
Aunt.
You have kept your doors
closed for many days.
How did you
end up with white hair?
I came to bid you farewell.
I want to take the child away.
So she will no longer
bear the burden of her bloodline,
and truly live as an ordinary person,
free and unbound.
I will follow your wishes.
But if one day
you wish to return,
will you come and see me?
All right.
Before leaving,
I would like to see Xiao Man once.
All right.
Sister in law.
You protected me
and helped me ascend the throne.
You endured public judgment
and assisted my rule until today.
The hardships you bore
and the grace you showed
are things I will never forget.
This was a duty I was bound to fulfill.
From childhood, Your Majesty
was born in an abandoned palace
and never truly received
any fatherly love.
Thankfully, Xiao Man stayed
by your side from a young age.
These past two months, she has
been recovering from her injuries.
The two of us often sit facing
each other in silence.
Each time I try to speak,
the pain spreading through
my body chokes my throat.
Why not give everyone
a little more time?
Time
can soothe the wounds in every heart.
Your Majesty must create Great Qian
a completely new era.
Aunt, please be at ease.
I will devote myself to the people
with unwavering loyalty and effort.
I,
thank you, Aunt,
for your guidance and support.
Thank you, Grand Princess,
for securing the state.
Elder Sister.
You can now live without restraint
and spend your life in freedom
and peace, can you not?
Go beyond the frontier.
Let us go.
(Chu Wuju.)
(May I live unbound
from this day forward.)
(Free and at ease.)
(Xiao Man.)
(Your emperor
has finally kept his promise.)
(When the realm was struck by turmoil,)
(the state was preserved from peril.)
(He stood only by justice,)
(and thus drew
the hatred of the corrupt.)
(The late Emperor
knew the wrong done to him,)
(and I have long cherished his loyalty.)
(Today, the Zhen family
is fully exonerated.)
(Zhen Xiujin is posthumously honored
as Duke Protector of the State.)
(Xiao Congrong is posthumously honored
as Loyal and Righteous Defender-General.)
(The Zhen family's
eldest son, Zhen Muyu,)
(was in life Prince Consort
to the Grand Princess)
(and Minister of War.)
(In the campaign to quell
the border unrest,)
(he fell in service to the state.)
(He shall be laid to rest)
(alongside the Duke Protector
of the State and the Defender-General.)
(A mausoleum shall be built
beside the Imperial Tombs)
(to show my honor and remembrance.)
(By imperial decree.)
(Father.)
(Mother.)
(Uncle.)
(Elder Brother.)
(Your injustice)
(has finally been set right.)
(Your Majesty.)
(After all that has happened,)
(I still cannot let go)
(of my uncle's and brother's deaths.)
(I wish to leave the palace for a time)
(and reflect in peace.)
Xiao Man.
Are you leaving me again?
Can we let time take care of everything?
This is far enough.
Do not walk me any farther.
Xiao Man.
Whether three years, five years,
or however many it takes,
this vast palace and I
will wait for your return,
day and night.
We will wait for your return.
I heard your son has fallen for the
(Three years later)
Wang family's fourth daughter.
I am at my wits' end.
Tell me, of all the young ladies out there,
why did my son have to choose her?
He just had to fancy
the Wang family's fourth daughter.
He pesters me every day to go
and propose on his behalf.
I say, you are the one
who is never satisfied.
Is this not good enough?
Stop being so picky.
At the very least, your son
is not like
our remarkable Son of Heaven.
Is he?
You see, past emperors
all had countless consorts
in the inner palace.
Ours is already twenty-two,
yet has neither consort nor heir.
As an emperor,
he is a fine one.
It is just that his fondness for men,
that will not do.
What about the future of the realm...
Lower your voice.
What?
What fondness for men?
Not so loud.
Shh.
Exactly.
Why shush?
Is it not true that
everyone in the realm already knows?
I heard he
dotes on a single eunuch,
surname Jia, or was it Ma?
I cannot even recall the name.
It must be rumor.
I do not believe it.
Our young emperor
has delayed for so long.
Could he be waiting for you?
Then I must hurry back and prepare
the betrothal gifts for my son.
I need to give that troublemaker
some peace of mind.
I think the fifteenth
of the eighth month would be perfect.
A full moon and a happy reunion.
Exactly.
Time really flies. Mid Autumn Festival
will be here again soon.
Waiting for good news from your family.
Indeed.
Time passes so quickly.
If you ask me,
that fourth girl still will not do.
Such a foul temper.
I truly do not like her.
How did he ever take a liking to her?
(Where did you come from?)
(How dare you flee the palace with
your belongings in the dead of night.)
(It is too late.)
(I should go back now.)
(See you tomorrow, Big Flower.)
(You must come tomorrow.)
(I will be waiting for you.)
(I will come.)
(We will dance together again tomorrow.)
(Woof.)
Where did you come from?
How dare you flee the palace with
your belongings in the dead of night.
Which palace are you from?
Why are you here so late at night?
Do you not recognize me?
I do not.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Big Flower.
I am Xiao Man.
A friend once told me
that in dancing, what matters
most is not the steps.
As long as you are happy,
that is enough.
Except for you,
I will marry no one else.
(But thankfully,)
(you are here.)
(Wishing to buy osmanthus wine
and sail together,)
(yet it is never quite)
(the same as our youthful days.)
(At last, the clouds part
and the moon appears.)
(The one who entered
my heart in lonely youth)
(is the one I cherish most
in this lifetime.)
(The vow I once swore to protect,)
(I have finally fulfilled through fate.)
(Waiting for your return.)
♪All those vows of forever we made♪
(Even when swept along
by the tides of the world,)
(I still keep my first innocence,)
(our unspoken bond and trust)
(to meet you with a true heart.)
(From this moment on,)
(what I can give you)
(is boundless lands and rivers,)
(and an eternal devotion.)
(What I give you)
(are the simplest,
most genuine things in this world,)
(love,)
(and companionship.)
♪After ten thousand years adrift
in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪
♪How absurd that
this longing just won't die♪
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
I am Chu Ying, nineteen this year.
May I ask your surname and given name?
And your age?
I am one year older
than Young Master Chu.
My name is
Zhen Mujun.
(End)
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪